Adding a VTB template (#123)
idaholab/virtual_test_bed: doc/content/template.md

# Model Name

Contact: Model Developer, model_developer.at.institute.com (contact email) 

## High Level Summary of Model

High level introduction is expected here about the model of interest. Figures and tables can be added 
in the model description, of which the examples are provided below. 

> #### Adding a figure

Author: OK, thanks for the heads-up.

The markdown source is shown below, and one should put a copy of the figure at the specific file path.

```language=bash
!media msr/msre/SAM_MSRE_1D.png
       style=width:60%
       id=msre_sam
       caption=The steady-state temperature distribution in the 1-D MSRE primary loop.

```

[Click here](msr/msre/msre_sam_model.md#msre_sam) to check out the formatted figure appeared on VTB website:

#### Adding a table

The markdown source is shown below:

```language=bash
!table id=fuel_salt_properties caption=Thermophysical properties of the fuel salt.
|   |   | Unit  | LiF-BeF$_4$-ZrF$_4$-UF$_4$  |
| :- | :- | :- | :- |
| Melting temperature | $T_{melt}$ | $K$ | $722.15$  |
| Density | $\rho$ | $kg/m^3$  | $2553.3-0.562\bullet T$ |
| Dynamic viscosity | $\mu$ | $Pa\bullet s$ | $8.4\times 10^{-5} exp(4340/T)$ |
| Thermal conductivity | $k$ | $W/(m\bullet K)$ | $1.0$ |
| Specific heat capacity | $c_p$ | $J/(kg\bullet K)$ | $2009.66$ |

```

> [Click here](msr/msre/msre_sam_model.md#fuel_salt_properties) to check out the formatted table appeared on VTB website:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Click here](msr/msre/msre_sam_model.md#fuel_salt_properties) to check out an example of a formatted table appearing on the VTB website.
```

#### Adding references

If the model has been previously published, one should provide the reference to the published works together with the key references used for model development. 
The Latex style references are supported in MOOSE documentation, and some examples about how to cite technical report, conference proceedings and journal articles are given below. The bibtex entries have to be added into file `vtb.bib`. 

> A bibliography list will be generated automatically at the end of the document. 

Author: For the VTB documentation, the reference list shows up even when I do not have !bibtex bibliography. I assume it is set as default somewhere else for the entire project, right?

  author     = {A.J. Novak and D. Andrs and P. Shriwise and D. Shaver and P.K. Romano and E. Merzari and P. Keutelian},
  booktitle  = {{Proceedings of Physor}},
  year       = 2021
}

```

```language=bash
@article{Fang2021,
        author = {Fang, Jun and Shaver, Dillon R. and Min, Misun and Fischer, Paul
                and Lan, Yu-Hsiang and Rahaman, Ronald and Romano, Paul
                and Benhamadouche, Sofiane and Hassan, Yassin A.
                and Kraus, Adam and Merzari, Elia},
        doi = {10.1016/j.nucengdes.2021.111143},
        journal = {Nuclear Engineering and Design},
        title = {{Feasibility of Full-Core Pin Resolved CFD Simulations of
                Small Modular Reactor with Momentum Sources}},
        volume = {378},
        year = {2021}
}

```

To cite the references, one can do the following in the markdown file.

```language=bash
description part A [!citep](Hu2017), description part B [!citep](novak_2021c), description part C [!citep](Fang2021)

```

description part A [!citep](Hu2017), description part B [!citep](novak_2021c), description part C [!citep](Fang2021)

#### Other key model details to provide in the high-level summary

> - MOOSE Based Applications Used: Griffin, Heat Conduction, Cardinal, etc. (Please click here to see the checklist, this can be used for Guillaume to categorize/sort)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MOOSE Based Applications Used: Griffin, Heat Conduction, Cardinal, etc. (Please click here to see the checklist, this can be used for the VTB team to categorize/sort the model)
```

- Type of simulation (e.g., 3D core multiphysics (neutronics-TH) transient, 1D system steady-state)

> - External Code (non-MOOSE based) used: MC2-3, Cubit, etc.

Reviewer 2: ^ minor point, but MC2-3 is a NEAMS code. shouldn't be listed in non-NEAMS codes. In the original format i included non-MOOSE based codes in that list.

> - External Code (non-MOOSE based) used: MC2-3, Cubit, etc.

Author: A category of "Non-MOOSE Based NEAMS Code" is added to cover codes like MC2-3, or Nek5000.

- Reactor Category(s): e.g., Liquid Metal Cooled Fast Reactor

## Computational Model Description

Walk through the main kernel/blocks, show snippets of example inputs when needed. 

> The markdown source can be as simple as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The markdown source can be as simple as the following to show the `EOS` block from the `msre_loop.i` input file:
```
